README.md, before:

# BNB
## User Stories
### MVP

```
As a User
So that I can use MakersBnb
I want to be able to sign up
```

```
As a User
So that someone can rent my space
I want to list a new space
```

```
As a User
So that customers have a choice of spaces
I want to list multiple spaces
```

```
As a User
So that customers can decide which space they want to hire
I want to be able to name the space
And provide a short description of a space
And provide a price per night
```

```
As a User
So that customers can book my space
I want to offer a range of available dates for the space
```

### Other stuff

```
As a Customer
So that I can hire a space
I want to send a request to the accomodation owner
```

```
As a User
So that I can let a customer hire my space
I want to approve customer requests
```

```
As a Customer
So that a space cannot be double booked
I want to only see available spaces
```

```
As a User
So that I can decide who stays in my space
I want customers to be able to make requests to book until I confirm one
```

### Nice to haves

```
As a User
So that I can use MakersBnB
I want to be able to sign up
```

Commit message:

docs/added listings user story

README.md, after:

# BNB
## User Stories
### MVP

```
As a User
So that I can use MakersBnb
I want to be able to sign up
```

```
As a User
So that someone can rent my space
I want to list a new space
```

```
As a user
So that i can see all my listings
I want to view my listings
```

```
As a User
So that customers have a choice of spaces
I want to list multiple spaces
```

```
As a User
So that customers can decide which space they want to hire
I want to be able to name the space
And provide a short description of a space
And provide a price per night
```

```
As a User
So that customers can book my space
I want to offer a range of available dates for the space
```

### Other stuff

```
As a Customer
So that I can hire a space
I want to send a request to the accomodation owner
```

```
As a User
So that I can let a customer hire my space
I want to approve customer requests
```

```
As a Customer
So that a space cannot be double booked
I want to only see available spaces
```

```
As a User
So that I can decide who stays in my space
I want customers to be able to make requests to book until I confirm one
```

### Nice to haves

```
As a User
So that I can use MakersBnB
I want to be able to sign up
```
